Remove dependency on "okteto init" (#131)
okteto/docs: src/content/getting-started.mdx

```
```console
Name                        Namespace             Builder                                 Registry
https://cloud.okteto.com *  cindylopez            tcp://buildkit.cloud.okteto.net:1234    registry.cloud.okteto.net
```

## Getting Your Application Ready

For Okteto CLI to know how to launch your Development Environment, it needs an [Okteto manifest](/docs/cloud/okteto-cli/#okteto-manifest). This manifest allows you to provide configuration for your Development Environments.
Okteto CLI will analyze any [existing manifests](/docs/cloud/okteto-cli/#deployment-manifests) (Helm, Kubernetes, etc.) in your source code directory and help you write an Okteto manifest for your application.
The Okteto manifest is necessary in all cases except if you already have a Docker compose file configured for your application.

> If Okteto CLI can't find the Okteto manifest for your application, `okteto init` helps you to create the first version of your Okteto manifest:

Reviewer: Should we add a line here making it clear that users following this guide don't have to run `okteto init`?

```suggestion
If you don't have an Okteto manifest for your application, you can run `okteto init`. This generates the Okteto manifest, which you can then edit based on your needs. 

For the Getting Started guide, we already have the Okteto manifest configured for our application, so this step won't be needed.
```

```console
$ okteto init

> ```

Reviewer: We can remove this now I guess.
